# In this project, the scenario is that I was a systems analyst who interviewed and designed a system for a company called DriverPass. DriverPass is a company that provides online learning material and practice tests for new drivers to help them study for their DMV tests. They also provide in-person driving lessons with driving instructors.
# If I had to revise one part of this project, I would have to revise my UML class diagram. I'm still not very great at organizing these diagrams and putting the boxes for the classes in the best spots to where they diagram doesn't look cluttered. I still also struggle to figure out what attributes belong to which class, and which attributes should be inherited from parent classes.
# It is important to consider the user's needs when designing because for one, they are paying you, and two, they know they're company, how their company works, and what they want their system to do for their company. They would be the ones to tell me what I am supposed to be creating, and then I'm the one who would put it all together. It would be my job to advise them of what is possible and not possible, but listening and incorperating their needs is necessary to deliver a product that they are happy with.
# One approach of mine when it comes to possible future software designs would be to set up multiple meetings with the client. The initial one so I could get a majority of the information I would need to begin, then follow up meetings during the design process to ensure that I am incorperating everything they would like. And if there was anything they would like to change or add, then I can work on doing that for them.
